RHIDP-15155 - Update instructions for mirroring plugins in disconnected environments (#2464)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/shared/proc-create-the-registry-mirroring-configmap.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="create-the-registry-mirroring-configmap_{context}"]

> = Create the registry mirroring ConfigMap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Create the registry mirroring config map
```
The [Red Hat Supplementary Style Guide](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#config-map) requires us to use use "config map" (lowercase, two words) in prose, and reserve ConfigMap (capitalized, in backticks) for code/API contexts like YAML manifests.

[role="_abstract"]

> Create a ConfigMap containing the mirroring configuration to enable {product-short} to pull plugins from your mirror registry instead of the original source registries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a config map containing the mirroring configuration to enable {product-short} to pull plugins from your mirror registry instead of the original source registries.
```

.Procedure

> * Create a ConfigMap containing the registry mirroring configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a config map containing the registry mirroring configuration:
```
